# 00 - An Introduction

Hey! Welcome to the origins of NeuralWorks. If you are reading this then you have most likely viewed one of our (my) projects. You also might have come from me specifically, ie Linkedin, GitHub etc. As you have seen this company is created to function as an AI research company, hopefully using AI to improve fields such as neurotechnology, robotics and nanotechnology. We are obviously far from this goal but for now this site is being used as a place to showcase my AI projects.

Who am I? My name is Michael Beer and I am currently a first year undergraduate student at the University of Edinburgh studying Computer Science. At the time of writing this I feel like I am unemployed and being a student is a side project. The first year of university feels very similar to high school, and if I am being honest the university courses do not seem very important or beneficial to me, but this blog is not about this subject so let’s move on. I really enjoy programming, and am a big fan of hackathons. My most proficient language is python, but I am knowledgeable in others. I also really enjoy playing chess, which is intended to be one of NeuralWorks first major projects, a chess engine. My idols include Demis Hassabis and Elon Musk (OG fan). I also enjoy learning about neuroscience, and will try to create some projects in this field, although these will probably be later on in the NeuralWorks timeline.

But why did I create this in the first place? Why don’t I just go and work at OpenAI or DeepMind? Right now I can think of 2 reasons. The first is making new friends. I believe working on projects with other people greatly increases the quality of the project, this is why I compete in so many hackathons as they are a great way to meet others and expand your skills in programming. Of course you can make friends without creating a company, but I feel this site will give the projects more purpose and more exposure, increasing the chances of meeting new people in the first place. The second reason is that I want to have the freedom of working on whatever I find interesting, instead of being fixed to a schedule with no control over the work I do. Hopefully when NeuralWorks grows into a larger company, I will have a board that can help make these decisions better than I can, although I would still like to contribute physically either through coding or something else.

What are my current views on AI? I am both extremely excited yet extremely scared of AI. I don’t like predicting (ie guessing), as nobody can predict the future and who am I to say what is going to happen, I am just a student with a love for AI, but for this blog I will continue. I think the creation of artificial general intelligence is inevitable and such intelligence will turn into superintelligence. Will it happen at NeuralWorks? Probably not, but I hope so. I feel the organisation that creates superintelligence will have total control of the future of humanity. Do I want that to be NeuralWorks? I am unsure right now. Currently I have little knowledge of AI (relative to my goal) but as my knowledge increases maybe my views will change, I guess we will find out later.

What do I have in mind for NeuralWorks? Like I said earlier I am initially interested in creating projects such as chess neural networks and relatively simple projects that use to learn different libraries and expand my knowledge. In the future a long term goal is to create projects in fields previously mentioned (neurotechnology, robotics and nanotechnology). Hopefully these will have a real impact on life quality and other things.

What is the final goal for NeuralWorks? I am unsure if NeuralWorks will have a final goal, but some major milestones would include creating superintelligence (maybe not the first to accomplish this though as described earlier), creating an environment to simulate universes (would probably need superintelligence to help create this) and creating a machine to upload one's consciousness, creating a sense of immortality. Of course these are all extremely long term ideas, but these ideas were what I had in mind when creating NeuralWorks. I hope we can change humanity for the better, as I believe it is not going in the optimal path, but who am I to say what direction is best, I am just a student.

Please reach out to me if you would like to work on a NeuralWorks project!
